My name is Raj Kalaria.
I was brought up as a nominal Hindu.
My parents were Hindus.
I went along with them to respect them.
But I didn't really understand completely what Hindu religion was about.
I studied medical sciences.
I have degrees in neurosciences and pathology.
We were taught about evolution of life.
And this was just part of the curriculum.
At the time, there were no other options as it were.
God did not come in the picture at all,
or God creating the heavens and the earth as it were.
Never came into the picture.
The brain is an extremely complex organ.
And brain is what we are, what I am what you are.
No brain, no life.
It's as simple as that.
We started looking at the nerve cells themselves
in terms of their volume and the number.
And it's phenomenal that in that small area of the brain
there are some 1.4 billion neurons.
So the number of connections that make us synapses they make is phenomenal.
Absolutely phenomenal.
And so when you think about the complexity of all that,
how is it possible that that is just by random chance?
It has to be guided.
Then when I was introduced to the Bible,
one of the most beautiful things that struck me at the time
was that there was one God coming from a Hindu background.
The millions of Gods and the Trinity,
which really all was mysterious and full of mythology as well.
This idea of just one God, that really appealed to me.
The Bible also gives us a peace of mind.
It gives us a purpose in life.